---
layout: post
title: Looking for Team Members
description: We are looking for additional platform developers.
---

I'm happy to announce that Sleuth AI is looking for founding team members!

Our plan of crowdsourcing alternative data for finance has progressed from an idea to an online platform, but we need your help to complete and launch it!
Sleuth AI been around for 7 months at this point, and altough we've grown to a team of 5 people, we are now at a point where we are looking to expand our team once again.
We are looking for developers with experience in Python.
If you have used Microservices or are familiar with ML or have worked in FinTech before that is a bonus, but not a requirement.
Our team is currently scattered across 2 continents and 4 timezones, and we expect this remote situation to last for the foreseeable future.
All of our team members are working or studying full-time and pursuing Sleuth AI part-time, and we are flexible with team members' time commitments, apart from weekly progress meetings that last ~15 minutes.

If you want to apply please send a mail to:

[**contact@sleuth-ai.com**](mailto:contact@sleuth-ai.com)

A CV isn't required, but if you have relevant work on GitHub, GitLab or Kaggle, feel free to link it in you message.

Our current achievments are:
  - We were [**finalists in the Edventure accelerator**](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/edventure-capital_congratulations-to-the-finalist-teams-of-activity-6739991568352186368-zVBS).
  - We recently received an enterprise initative grant from [Edinburgh Innovations](https://edinburgh-innovations.ed.ac.uk) to bring our platform to the next level.
  - We are in talks with a UK-based investment fund and are planning to start our first funding round this summer.

If you are not interested in joining our team but would like to get access to our alpha release (when it comes out) you can [**sign up here**](https://sleuth-ai.com/user).

Looking forward to your applications

*Christoph Minixhofer (Tech Lead)*
